hello everybody I've made a video for a
while bending school doing my
professional business fraternity but I
do want to make a video so I did get a
message in my inbox and it comes from
Gabriel turns he asked me what about
computer science is that a is that a
good major and I've gotten a lot of
these questions so I do you want to
wanna answer this one thoroughly because
I know most of my viewers subscribers
are computer science people so let's go
off with the basics first hey you know
that's what all of us us them people
care about is pay computer sciences get
one the highest starting pace out there
they're pretty much on the same level of
mechanical engineering and aerospace
it's all about well it depends on
geographical regions in California
you're looking at like $65,000 starting
average depending on the company and the
field industry number two I don't want
most computers a potential computer
science students worry about is that is
your job gonna be shipped overseas no
your job is not gonna be shipped
overseas and let me explain why it's not
being shipped overseas because companies
need to make a really good product a
really good product and it's hard to
make a quality product when you're
hiring Indian and Chinese computer
programmers so a lot of companies
realize that and now they're bringing
most of the computer science jobs back
to here in America so that's T right so
number one good salary - don't worry
about getting a job because there's
plenty of job computer science jobs here
in the United States I would say
computer science is continue gonna go
garan she did Computer Science again and
continued growing for the next five
years after five years I don't know what
the is gonna happen but if the next
five years computer science jobs are
continually gonna grow and there's a
huge demand
huge huge huge demand for computer
scientists right now like there's more
demand than there is supply especially
for the like middle level like
experienced senior level like five years
plus there's a strong lack of computer
science to people with experience so
that creates a lot of opportunity for
those that are interested in that field
another great benefit is that it only
takes it only requires an undergraduate
degree great benefit obvious benefit and
then of course like next after the
general basics of a job is the quality
of life and how fun is it to work as a
computer scientists I think how fun it
is to work as a computer scientist or
computer programmer or a software
engineer it really depends on the
company and the industry and the person
some people like a really structured and
Mark a really structured people like
they have their their date they have
like schedules they like to progress
linearly you know they like to like they
like to know when they're gonna progress
like oh I forget my masters that are
gonna pay me this amount or if I work
this many years am I gonna get promoted
then so if some people like a lot of
structure so for those kind of people a
larger company would be better suited
for them like Qualcomm Raytheon stuff
like that for people that wanna do that
one whom you like more creative and want
to just go with the flow and do
something new every day and and just
having work in a more exciting
environment those people would do better
in a smaller company like like it for a
company that OkCupid who is making a
dating website that's a relatively small
company or a tech startup so something
that's more smaller would see so
Annette's
wants more flexibility and creativity
where they work for the most part the
great thing about computer sign though
is that say if you're just bored of one
thing like you're bored of working on
defense or you're bored of working on
websites you can move to computer games
developing computer games or you can
move to developing software for
antivirus protection whatever so that's
the great thing about computer science
is that there's so many different
industries and working at each industry
has its own culture and each company has
its own culture to you that there's
never like I don't the possibilities are
endless eventually someone will find a
company that they like to work in also
there's a and there's the computer
science companies there's Poli there's
many many many different types of jobs
there's people that do you only tech
technical stuff like they sit down and
develop new their research and
development meant kind of people they
just love the math and science and they
want to develop things and they don't
want to deal with working with customers
or clients but then there's people who
get the computer science degree and they
don't I mean they appreciate the
technical side but they want to work
more with people the Misses business
side then they can be project managers
and stuff but being a project manager
for computer science or a software
company or a tech company it would still
be better to have a computer science
degree than a business degree or
something else so I think just because a
person gets a computer science degree
that doesn't mean yeah just has to sit
down and program all the time he can
work in you know project management or
working with customers clients he could
also do Rock marketing like it just it
but it does done from getting a computer
science degree so yeah kind of rambled
but getting computer science degree is
really smart right now I think it's a
good investment
definitely a good career choice has a
lot of options and if you have any more
questions just write a comment and I'll
answer